--- chunk_id: 66
--- section_path: After-sales Service > Handling Procedures for Flight Accident > Collision or Crash Accident
--- level: 3
--- pages: 20-20
--- chunk_index: 0
---

18
© 2022 DJI All Rights Reserved.
MATRICE 30 SERIES  Maintenance Manual
Handling Procedures for Flight Accident
When your aircraft encounters a flight accident, please follow below steps below to handle it.
Flyaway Accident
1.	 Contact DJI Support as soon as possible to describe the accident;
2.	 View the flight record in DJI Pilot 2, and look for the aircraft around the data interruption location
based on the actual terrain;
3.	 Connect the remote controller to the computer, export the flight control system data and flight
records, and contact DJI Support or local dealers for assistance in applying for data analysis;
4.	 DJI will provide a solution based on the analysis results.
Collision or Crash Accident
1.	 Take photos of the aircraft status and surrounding environment in time after the accident, and
record the aircraft status and the accident process before the accident;
2.	 Make sure the aircraft is powered off, remove the batteries from the aircraft, and use an isolation
box to store the batteries.  Note: DO NOT power on the aircraft again if the accident is serious,
otherwise it may damage the internal circuit of the aircraft and cause greater loss;
3.	 Connect the remote controller to the computer, export the flight control system data and flight
records, and contact DJI Support or local dealers for assistance in applying for data analysis;
4.	 Ship the device for repair.
Shipping the Product for Repair
You can choose one of the methods below to ship the product for repair according to the actual
situation.
1. Official website self-service repair:

Visit the official website of the DJI Service Center https://repair.dji.com/repair/index, and follow the
instructions to complete the self-service repair service.
2. Contact your local dealer for assistance:

Contact your local dealer and describe the product's issue. The dealer can assist you to send the
product for repair.
3. DJI Support hotline service: